6 and as you're turning there I'm gonna read a portion of Scripture
as we get going this evening from the book of Titus
and the book of Titus, I'll read just a couple of verses of Scripture will be in
Revelation chapter 6
if you want to hold your place in Revelation 6 and look in Titus 2, I'll read
verses 11 through 13
Titus chapter number 2 and verses 11 through 13, notice what the Bible says
there in Titus 2, for the grace of God
that bringeth salvation hath appeared
to all men, teaching us that denying
ungodliness and worldly lust we should live soberly
righteously and godly
in this present world and we read verse number 13 where the Bible says looking
for that blessed hope, the glorious appearing of the great God and our
Savior
Jesus Christ and I hope you're looking for the Savior, Amen
seeking to live for Him and to please Him
we know I'm thankful that the grace of God that bringeth salvation hath appeared
to all men
and I'm thankful to be saved by the grace of God but the grace of God
teaches us some things, it teaches us how to live and we find over there in the
book of Jude
that those false teachers they were turning the grace of God into lasciviousness
unbridled lust, you're under grace do what you want that's not what the grace
of God
teaches us, it teaches us that we're to live godly and
soberly and righteously in this present world and I'm thankful
that with the help of God we can and I can't do it on my own but he said that
if we walk in the spirit that we shall not fulfill the lust of the flesh
and I'm so thankful that God's given to us the Holy Spirit of God
and we have those wonderful promises, well
we've been in the book of Revelation now looking through this portion of
scripture in chapter 6 as the Bible begins recording for us the tribulation
Daniel 70th week and
John continues to provide us with a record as God told us in this particular
book of the things which shall be
hereafter and that's the section that we're in in the book of Revelation
we said this in the beginning of our study the book of Revelation is really
the only book in the whole Bible
that gives us an outline within the book and it's pretty helpful
and the things which are, the things which have been and
the things which shall be and we see the things which shall be hereafter
is what we're looking at now and the Lord Jesus Christ he's the one opening
the seals remember that scene in chapter number five there was no one
that was found worthy who was worthy to open the book and we find that Jesus
are just victorious Savior that he conquered sin death and the grave and
he has the power and he has the authority
and he is worthy not only of our worship indeed but he's worthy to open these
seals in the first two have been opened and we
looked at those last couple of weeks now the third of four horsemen is revealed
to us
and we read in verse number five in Revelation 6 the Bible says and when he
that's Jesus had opened the third seal
I heard the third beast say come and see
and I beheld and lo a black horse
and he that sat on him had a pair of balances
in his hand and I heard a voice in the midst of the
four beasts say a measure of wheat for a penny
and three measures of barley for a penny
and see thou hurt not the oil
and the wine as we look here at this third seal being opened and I've simply
titled the message that the third seal
open we found that first seal the white horse and he that sat upon him that's
the
appearing of the Antichrist and we dealt with that
it's important if you look at some things online
some people some false teachers out there they'll tell you that that
first seal that's Jesus no Jesus gonna come on a white horse but that's not until
Revelation 19
and he comes on the battle of Armageddon this is the Antichrist and
chapter number 6 verses 1 and 2 and the
the record is provided of course we understand
his rise and all that will come forth here
he went forth conquering and to conquer he had a bow but he had no
arrows and we talked about that conquering through peace and that peace
agreement and so on and so forth and
last week we look at that second seal and it was
open and that second horseman and it was a
red horse and the Bible says that power was given to him and we focused on the
fact that
that power ultimately comes from God because no one can have any power aside
from God
allowing them to have the power because our God has all power
and it says that he was given power to take
peace from the earth and that they should kill one another we talked about
the Great War
in all that would take place at that second seal and
we spent some time last week focusing on the fact that
looking at these sealed judgments as being part
of the tribulation and the wrath of God being poured out and the fact that Jesus
is the one
opening these seals this is not just more of the same kind of persecution
that's been
throughout the entire church age this is specific
this is the the 70th week of Daniel's
of course his vision and the prophecy
and so now we come to this third seal and we see this black horse and
this black horse this balance in his hand and we would notice from verse
number six
that the Bible tells us what John not only saw but what he heard
and notice at the end of verse number six as he's recording what he heard
it says a measure of wheat for a penny
and three measures of barley for a penny
and see thou hurt not the oil and the wine
we find here is we would think about the Antichrist being
revealed in that first seal and the war of the second seal and now this third
seal we would say it's
famine great famine in fact as you begin to notice the economic collapse in the
famine that is described here
we find that it says a measure of wheat for a penny
it says three measures of barley for a penny now wheat would be
higher quality than the barley would be and so that's why it's a difference with
regard to the
amount that you would receive but you understand
that as you look at this verse of scripture in verse number six and you
think about this great famine
that is being unfolded in this third seal
the normal ration for a soldier
would cost the equivalent of a day's
wage that's what God's communicating to us
here in verse number six of Revelation chapter number six
now I understand that groceries are increasing in price
I understand that you can't get as much as you used to
people talk about when they used to be able to go and fill up a cart and come
out for twenty bucks and those days are long gone amen
you get some bread and some milk and some eggs and you might get by with twenty
bucks depending on what quality of bread
milk and eggs you buy but I still would say this
though we look at the inflation and all the things that are going on
we're not living in a time where we can get
a day's amount of food that's equivalent to a day's wage
amen you think about that and that's revealed to us this
economic collapse in this famine that is gonna come during this third seal
and that's pretty serious and of course we can look at our own society and say oh
man look at what's going on and not only groceries and
and fuel and so on and so forth but this is what a person could possibly make
in a day is what it's gonna cost them to be able to have food for that day
we're far from that today in this land
but there's coming a day this great famine is gonna happen remember last week we
talked about
all of these seals and looking at Daniel's seventieth week and this is not
just some
potential that these things may happen no God is revealing to us this is what's
going to happen
and when we understand what's going to happen yes we can take the
the perspective of rejoicing that we won't have to deal with it
but the reality is that there are many that we come in contact with
every day of our lives that will if they're not saved by the grace of God
so we're gonna look at this famine and look at what's being revealed to us here
in this great famine and I just want you to consider
a couple of thoughts this evening with regard to
this third seal in this famine that will
be associated with this third seal if you're taking notes number one famine
reveals divine judgment famine reveals divine judgment
this is not something that's reserved to the book of Revelation in fact we find
it throughout the scriptures
that when you look at famine you see God's hand of judgment
you see the divine judgment of God look at the Old Testament look at a few
verses of scripture
go to the book of Leviticus if you will Leviticus chapter number 26
Leviticus chapter 26 we won't have the time to read
much of the portion of scripture but we find in this particular chapter that God
provides for us
a record of the consequences
of obedience and the consequences of disobedience
if you obey me here's how I'm gonna bless you but if you disobey me here's
what the consequences are going to be
and I want you to notice in Leviticus 26 in verse number 20
the Bible says this and you're
shall be spent in vain, for your land shall not yield her increase, neither
shall the trees of the land yield their fruits." Our God is in control of
everything. Amen? I mean you can do everything humanly possible to try to
ensure that you have a harvest and that you've prepared and all that you've done,
but you can't make it rain. Amen? You can't make the sun come out. Amen? And we
find that God is the one that brings the judgment and he's speaking here
to his people. If you look back in verse number 14, but if you will not
hearken unto me and will not do all these commandments, here's what's going
to happen. Here's what God is going to do. And so we see in Leviticus 26, as God is
preparing his people for them to have this understanding that famine reveals
divine judgment. Look over to familiar passage, the book of 1st Kings, in
chapter number 17. In 1st Kings chapter 17, as soon as I mention that portion of
Scripture, some of you immediately will have your mind thinking about Elijah, and
rightly so. That's the passage of Scripture where Elijah just shows up on
the pages of God's Holy Word. And we find that in verse number 1 of 1st Kings 17,
we are introduced to Elijah. We don't know a lot about him, but we know that he
comes and there's a 25-word declaration that's recorded here, and God is going to
bring judgment. If you were to take the time to study the latter part of 1st
Kings chapter 16, you'll find that the king is Ahab, the king of Israel, and Ahab
did more wickedness than all that had gone before him. Ahab was married to a
woman by the name of Jezebel, and she was a wicked woman as well, and we find that
there was great wickedness in the land. And here's Elijah in 1st Kings 17, in
verse number 1, and the Bible says,
That's divine judgment. And guess what happens because of that? Well, there's
famine. In chapter 18, look at verse number 1, it says,
Why was there a sore famine? Because it had not rained for three years. Why had it not rained for three years?
Because God said, Your wickedness is going to be judged. And Elijah, speaking
on the behalf of God, As the Lord God of Israel liveth before whom I stand, there
shall not be dew nor rain these years, but according to my word. And that's
exactly what happened. Of course, in just a little while, Elijah will have an
interaction with Ahab, and Ahab says in verse 17, Art thou he that troubleth
As if it was Elijah that brought forth the judgment. He's simply announcing the
judgment of God, and we find that it was not Ahab that was, excuse me, it was not
Elijah that was troubling Israel. It was the sin and the wickedness. In fact,
Elijah says this in verse 18, I have not troubled Israel, but thou and thy
father's house, and that ye have forsaken the commandments of the Lord, and thou
hast followed Balaam. God's judgment. Famine reveals divine judgment. Look in
Jeremiah chapter 11, if you will. Jeremiah chapter number 11, and I want
you to notice, and Jeremiah, of course, is ministering and prophesying during the
eve of the Babylonian captivity, and again, the nation, the Israel, the ten
tribes of the north were already been taken captive, and now the Babylonians
have laid siege and all that's going on, and God had told Jeremiah that the
people were going to be taken into captivity, this divine judgment that was
going to come upon his people. And Jeremiah in chapter 11 and verse 22, it
says, Therefore thus saith the Lord of hosts, Behold, I will punish them. The
young men shall die by the sword, their sons and their daughters shall die by
famine. Famine in the scriptures reveals divine judgment, and we see in Revelation
chapter 6 and verses 5 and 6 with this third seal, this black horse, and the
the divine judgment of God, this great famine, this economic collapse. Listen,
it's gonna be unlike anything the world's ever seen. There have been times
of famine. We just read of some of them. We're gonna read of a few more in just a
moment. There's been times of famine, but it's gonna be unlike what what the
world's ever seen before. And we find that when we think about the truth of
famine revealing to us divine judgment, I would say this, not only does famine
reveal divine judgment, but number two, famine results in desperation. You ever
heard somebody say they were starving, and it was just because they hadn't
eaten in about four hours? You understand what I'm saying? Your kids get in from
playing, and they're like, I'm starving. You're like, you just ate a few hours ago. You're not
starving. Try to help them understand definitions, right? And listen, there are
some people in the world that truly are starving, but for most of us, we really
don't know what it means to be starving. Amen? But I want you to understand that
not only does famine reveal divine judgment, but famine results in
desperation. Look over the book of Genesis in chapter 47, if you will. In
Genesis chapter 47, we read in this portion of the text, in the life of
Joseph, we read about this famine and really the impact of what's going on. Now,
let me just recap a few things, because we're gonna jump in to look at the
desperation. God had given a dream to Pharaoh, and no one could interpret that
dream. And we find that Pharaoh had called in his magicians, astrologers, all
these wise men, and no one was able to interpret the dream. And Joseph was in
prison, falsely accused, but he was there in prison. He had properly interpreted
the dream through God. He gave reference, and glory to God, that it was God that
gave him the ability, and he gave a proper interpretation of the dream that
both the butler and the baker had. We find that the butler was restored to his
butlership, the baker was killed, and the butler is there, and the butler reveals,
and Joseph comes out, and Joseph gives the glory to God, and he interprets the
dream. What was the dream? Well, there's gonna be seven years of plenty. I mean,
unlike we've ever experienced. I mean, just plenty. Now, what typically happens
in a time of plenty? You splurge, you just feast, you just, right? You make more, you
spend more. Isn't that so common? And it was gonna be seven years of plenty, but
then there were gonna be seven years of famine, and it was gonna be sore famine.
It was gonna be like, unlike what they had experienced up to that particular
point, and it was gonna be sore famine, and we come, as we come to Genesis
chapter 47, we're now reading of where it gets real desperate, because this famine
has been going on, and people are desperate. In verse 13, it says,
and there was no bread in all the land, for the famine was very sore, so that the
land of Egypt and all the land of Canaan fainted by reason of the famine. And
Joseph gathered up all the money that was found in the land of Egypt and the
land of Canaan for the corn which they bought, and Joseph brought the money into
Pharaoh's house. Notice what it says in verse 15, and when money failed in the
land of Egypt and the land of Canaan, all the Egyptians came unto Joseph and said,
Give us bread, for why should we die in thy presence, for the money faileth? And so
we read into verse 16, and Joseph said, Give your cattle, and I will give you for
your cattle if money fails. So what do they do? Well, they readily give up
their cattle. Why? Because famine results in desperation. When you're hungry, I mean
starving, I mean famished. The desperation. So we notice that he says,
Give your cattle, and I will give you for your cattle if money fail. And they brought
their cattle unto Joseph, and Joseph gave them bread in exchange for horses and for
the flocks and for the cattle of the herds and for the asses, and he fed them
with bread for all their cattle for that year. When that year was ended, they came
unto him the second year and said unto him, We will not hide it from my Lord, how
that our money is spent, my Lord also hath our herds of cattle. There is not
aught left in the sight of my Lord, notice this, but our bodies and our lands.
Wherefore shall we die before thine eyes, both we and our land? Notice what they
say, By us and our land for bread.
And we
and our land will be servants unto Pharaoh,
and give us seed that we may live and not die,
that the land be not desolate.
And Joseph bought all the land of Egypt for Pharaoh,
for the Egyptians sold every man his field,
because why?
Because the famine prevailed over them,
so the land became Pharaoh's.
And as for the people, he removed them to cities
from one end of the borders of Egypt,
even to the other end thereof,
only the land of the priest bought he not,
for the priest had a portion assigned them of Pharaoh,
and he did eat their portion which Pharaoh gave them,
wherefore they sold not their lands.
What am I saying to you this evening?
I'm saying that famine results in desperation.
You go long enough without eating, having nothing,
you get real desperate.
We don't have any money, money's failed.
So take our cattle.
The famine prevails and our cattle are yours.
Why should we die by us and our land?
Desperation.
Look, if you will, at the book of 2 Kings in chapter seven.
2 Kings chapter number seven.
Excuse me, chapter number six.
2 Kings chapter number six.
Chapter seven is where Elisha gives the fact
that two measures of barley was gonna be sold for a shekel
in the gate of Samaria,
and a measure of fine flour be sold for a shekel.
But in chapter number six of 2 Kings,
we see the famine and we see the famine
resulting in desperation.
Look in chapter six in verse number 24.
And it came to pass after this that Ben-Hadad,
king of Syria, gathered all his host
and went up and besieged Samaria.
And there was a great famine in Samaria.
And behold, they besieged it until an ass's head
was sold for four score pieces of silver
and the fourth part of a cab of doves dung
for five pieces of silver.
Can I tell you in verse 25,
that's nothing that's good for human consumption.
But yet, it's pretty pricey.
Gets worse.
Every time I read this portion of scripture,
my mind is boggled to see the desperation
that results from famine.
But in verse 26, it says,
and as the king of Israel was passing by upon the wall,
there cried a woman unto him saying,
help my Lord, O king.
And he, the king said, if the Lord do not help thee,
whence shall I help thee?
Out of the barn floor or out of the wine press?
The king said unto her, what aileth thee?
And she answered, this woman said unto me,
give thy son that we may eat him today
and we will eat my son tomorrow.
I don't even understand that thinking.
I'll be honest with you.
I don't understand it.
Do you?
I can't comprehend it.
Except for famine results in desperation.
I don't get it.
I don't understand it.
I'm being honest with you.
I believe it because God says it and God records it,
but I don't understand that level of desperation.
And so the woman, in response to what aileth thee,
she responds to the king by telling the king
of this agreement that was made
between her and this other woman.
And the Bible says in verse 29,
so we boiled my son and did eat him.
And I said unto her on the next day,
give thy son that we may eat him
and she hath hid her son.
I know it's not a pleasant portion of scripture to read,
but it certainly reveals to us the desperation
that famine brings.
Why do we look at these things this evening
as we look at this sixth seal,
or sorry, this third seal in Revelation chapter number six,
and we begin to understand what's unfolding for us
and this picture that God has provided to us
with regard to what John is able to see
and what John is recording and sharing with us.
And we read about the first seal in the Antichrist
and the second seal in the war.
And now this third seal in this great famine,
and we begin to see what's happening.
What I'm saying to you this evening
is that the time of tribulation is going to be horrible.
Absolutely terrible what's gonna happen upon this earth.
We find that God's judgment is being poured out.
We find that as we looked in recent weeks
and we understood trying to answer the question,
why is there going to be a tribulation?
Why is there this 70th week?
What's going on?
What is God doing?
And begin to try to answer those questions.
And we mentioned about God's divine judgment,
we're seeing it.
And we're understanding this evening with great clarity,
just how bad things will be upon earth.
Now, I don't understand some of those things
as we looked at it second Kings chapter six,
I don't understand some of that thinking
and some of that perspective.
But what I'm saying to this evening
is that famine results in desperation.
And let me say it this way,
if it happened back in Genesis,
and if it happened in the time of Elisha,
and now God's telling us what's gonna happen
during the tribulation,
if we can understand that there was a time in Egypt
when they said, we have nothing, money has failed,
so take all of our livestock.
Hey, you have all of our livestock now buy us
and buy our fields and we should not die.
If they were that desperate,
what's gonna happen in the tribulation?
Great desperation.
And we begin to understand what's taking place here
and we think about this divine judgment.
I asked this question, how does it affect us?
Take your Bible and look over to the book of Esther
very quickly this evening.
We'll be done here in just a few moments,
but look over the book of Esther, if you will.
I want you to look at the eighth chapter.
The book of Esther,
some of the main characters within the book,
of course, the king Ahasuerus
and all that's going on there.
He's the king over the 127 provinces
and he has this great feast and all these things
and Vashti does not respond to his request
and so she's out and before long,
we find that Esther would be the new queen.
We find that Esther is one of the main characters,
obviously the book named after her,
but then we have Ahasuerus,
Esther, you think about Mordecai.
Mordecai is a big player in the book of Esther,
but then there's this guy by the name of Haman
and Haman hated the Jews.
He was incensed by the fact that Mordecai wouldn't stand
and give him reverence when he would leave through the gate
and all that was taking place
and it's amazing with all that Mordecai,
excuse me, with all that Haman had
and all that he perceived with regard to the favor
that was bestowed upon him, he hated Mordecai
and his hatred for Mordecai, I believe was a,
no doubt in my mind influenced satanic
because he not only hates Mordecai,
he wants to kill all the Jews,
annihilate the entire race.
Obviously the impact with regard to the messianic line,
that's why I say satanic influence and so on and so forth,
but you begin to understand that Haman is there
and he's got this perspective, but he hates Mordecai
and the king couldn't sleep one night
and the books are open
and the king begins to have someone read to him
and he finds out about Mordecai giving him some good intel
with regard to some people that wanted to take his life
and nothing ever happened.
There was no reward ever given to Mordecai
and so as the king is dealing with all this,
he says, who's out there and it's Haman
and he brings Haman in.
He says, now Haman, what should be done
to the person that I really want to exalt,
that I really want to lift up?
He says this in verse number three of chapter number six,
what honor and dignity has been done to Mordecai for this?
He's asking the question, there's nothing been done
and so here's the question as he begins to deal
with all that's taking place and Haman is now there
and he's standing in the court and as he comes in,
he says, what shall be done in verse number six
unto the man whom the king delighteth to honor?
So of course, Mordecai is the one
that the king Ahasuerus has in his mind
but Haman's like, man, this is, he wants to do this for me.
So man, let's just go ahead and let's do it good,
I mean real good.
And Ahasuerus says, everything that you said,
do that for Mordecai.
God has a sense of humor, amen.
And we find that Haman then is exposed in the next chapter,
chapter number seven,
as Esther has the king and Haman there and he's exposed
and Haman eventually is hanged on the gallows
that he made to hang Mordecai.
But we come to chapter number eight.
I said all of that just to make sure we had an understanding
of the book of Esther,
very obvious high overview of those first seven chapters,
but we come to verse number eight.
And I want you to notice a couple of things
because as we're looking at this great famine
and we're looking at these things
with regard to the tribulation,
and as we're trying to be students of prophecy,
but also understanding that I don't wanna get so consumed
with studying prophecy that I fail to do
what God's called me to do today.
I don't wanna lose sense of what my responsibility is
and understanding that even if I were spared
from all of that and praise God for the truth of the rapture
but there are people that we know that will go through that.
And here's what I want you to see in Esther chapter number eight,
what was the big deal?
Well, the big deal was that Haman had received permission
from Ahasuerus to sign a law
that all the Jews were gonna be killed on a certain day.
It's pretty serious.
By the way, they're dealing with the law of the Medes
and the Persians, right?
It cannot be altered.
What could be done?
Well, a counter decree can be written
and that's what we see in chapter number eight,
but I want you to see the heart of Esther
and I hope it will help us this evening.
The Bible says in verse number one,
on that day did the King Ahasuerus give the house of Haman,
the Jews enemy unto Esther the queen.
Mordecai came before the king
for Esther had told what he was unto her.
The king took off his ring which he had taken from Haman
and gave it unto Mordecai
and Esther set Mordecai over the house of Haman.
Notice verse number three.
And Esther spake yet again before the king
and fell down on his feet,
notice this phrase, and besought him with tears
to put away the mischief of Haman the Agagite
and his device that he had devised against the Jews.
We find that in verse number six
and we'll skip those couple of verses,
but look at verse number six
and see again the heart of Esther.
For how can I endure to see the evil
that shall come unto my people?
Or how can I endure to see the destruction of my kindred?
Esther was moved by what she knew to be true.
There was a decree that was written
and had there not been a counter decree,
all the Jews would have been killed on that day.
That was the law that was written.
God worked, God moved, but Esther,
she besought the king with tears.
And she says, how can I endure to see the evil
that shall come unto my people?
Or how can I endure to see the destruction of my kindred?
When we study prophecy,
I'm so thankful that Revelation four and five
is a picture, a scene in the throne room of heaven
and oh, what glory it's gonna be to be there one day,
to see my savior face to face.
But understand this evening that there are people
that you know and that I know that are not saved.
That when the rapture of the church takes place,
they're going to be left behind
and they're gonna suffer greatly.
Many of them will die.
In the first of these seals,
I mean, we don't know the exact numbers
because we don't know what the population of the earth
will be at the moment of the start of the tribulation.
We don't know the number of Christians
that will be raptured and so on and so forth.
But what I'm saying to you is that potentially
billions of people will die.
And if billions of people die without Christ,
that means eventually they'll stand at the second judgment,
that great white throne judgment, that second death.
The Bible says that they shall be cast in a lake of fire.
This is the second death.
What I'm simply saying this evening is that
when we look at the book of Revelation
and I dealt with it a little bit last week
and the Lord's just stirring my heart
because yes, I wanna study the book of Revelation,
understand prophecy and be able to,
yes, people have questions and so on and so forth.
But instead of getting into a room
and debating with a bunch of people about prophecy
and about all of these types of things,
listen, we got work to do.
People are dying.
And listen, when the clock starts again for that 70th week,
judgment, the Antichrist revealed,
war, great famine, the desperation.
Yes, it's divine judgment, but it results in desperation.
How does it affect us?
We see how it affected Esther
with regard to that writing of Haman.
She besought the king with tears.
She said, how can I endure to see this?
And sometimes as believers,
we get so caught up with things going on in this world
that we just go right past people
and don't even give two thoughts
about the fact that they need Jesus.
You understand what I'm saying?
I'm guilty of it as well.
If we're all honest and evaluate ourselves, we're guilty.
Give me a passion for souls, dear Lord.
A passion, why?
Because people are gonna die
and spend eternity in the lake of fire.
And I know we're not in Revelation chapter 20 yet.
We'll get there in months,
but we begin to just look at even
the start of the tribulation.
And I wonder this evening,
listen, I don't preach these messages
just so we can try to win an argument
with somebody about eschatology.
It's not the point.
Someone asked me a question this morning after church.
I'm like, look, man, if you don't believe it, it's fine.
It's not like a doctrinal issue.
It's okay.
I don't say that to say that I'm interested in compromise
and all that sort of thing,
but there's some things that just aren't worth
even talking about or fighting about for sure.
Because they become distractions
from really what the main thing is.
I'm thankful that God gave us the record of the seals
and we can read and we can understand
and we can see what's coming.
And we can understand that that famine is divine judgment.
We can understand that it leaves,
it results in desperation.
Man, who do I know and who do you know
that's gonna suffer potentially through that
because we're not telling them about Jesus?
Oh, that God would stir us up.
That God would do a work in our hearts
to give us a passion for souls.
Because people are dying.
I think it's my father-in-law's favorite song.
Some of you might know,
it's not a song that we sing really.
People need the Lord.
I don't know if you ever heard that song.
It's his favorite song, right?
People need the Lord.
They do.
They need Jesus.
And guess what?
Just like someone had to tell you about Jesus,
they need someone to tell them about Jesus.
Amen?
Let's pray.
Father, we love you.
Thank you for loving us.
Thank you for the word of God.
Thank you that you've given to us the truth
that we can know the truth.
And God, I pray that the truth would stir us.
Think of Paul when he was there in Athens
and he saw a city that was wholly given to idolatry
and how his spirit was stirred within him.
And he went into that place
and he preached unto them Jesus.
He said, I saw this altar to the unknown God.
Him declare I unto you.
Oh God, would you help us to be good, faithful ambassadors,
to be your witnesses, to go forth
and preach the gospel to every creature.
We believe the coming of the Lord draweth nigh.
We do not in any way try to set dates or timelines,
but Lord, I pray you'd help us to be motivated,
to live a life that pleases you,
and that you'd give us the opportunity
to bring as many people to heaven with us
as we possibly can.
Thank you that the gospel is the power of God unto salvation.
Thank you that you still save sinners.
Use us, God, for your glory and we'll thank you for it.
In Christ's name we pray.